README.md, before:

# Rawkode Academy Hackdays: Window of opportunity

- When: August 2022
- Topic: Window of opportunity
  > You're stuck in a time loop of finding a hideous bug. Some form of software can help you find the root cause. What software might that be?
- How to participate?
  - Create an [issue](https://github.com/RawkodeAcademy/hackdays/issues) with the prefix `Submission:` and describe your project and link your repository
    - Create a Github repository with the topic `p4x-639`
  - Come to the [Rawkode Academy Discord](https://rawkode.chat/) and take a look at `#hackdays` channel
  - Choose one of the projects from the [ideas](#ideas) section and ask the "captain" if you can join
- A weekly "All hands" will be held to ask questions and gather input
- What to submit at the end?
  - A repository with a description (e.g. README.md) of how to run the piece of software
  - (Optional) a 5 minute demo video
- The results will be presented in any form you want:
  - Video on YouTube / Twitch
  - Blog post
  - README file inside the repository
- There are prizes to win
  - There will be categories
    > will be chosen after having an overview over the ideas
  - The community votes for winners in the different categories
  - Prizes are yet to be announced
- Some more information:
  - It would be cool to choose people with whom you didn't work before
  - Choose a technology or language which you're not an expert in
  - Comtrya for reading that far! See you in August :)

## Ideas with captains
- Yet another uptime monitoring, with dogs and - [status.dog](https://github.com/status-dog)
  - Captain [icepuma](https://github.com/icepuma)
  - Find me at the [Rawkode Academy Discord](https://rawkode.chat/)
- ...

Commit message:

[doc] add another hint for people searching for help

README.md, after:

# Rawkode Academy Hackdays: Window of opportunity

- When: August 2022
- Topic: Window of opportunity
  > You're stuck in a time loop of finding a hideous bug. Some form of software can help you find the root cause. What software might that be?
- How to participate?
  - Create an [issue](https://github.com/RawkodeAcademy/hackdays/issues) with the prefix `Submission:` and describe your project and link your repository
    - Create a Github repository with the topic `p4x-639`
  - Come to the [Rawkode Academy Discord](https://rawkode.chat/) and take a look at `#hackdays` channel
  - Choose one of the projects from the [ideas](#ideas) section and ask the "captain" if you can join
- A weekly "All hands" will be held to ask questions and gather input
- What to submit at the end?
  - A repository with a description (e.g. README.md) of how to run the piece of software
  - (Optional) a 5 minute demo video
- The results will be presented in any form you want:
  - Video on YouTube / Twitch
  - Blog post
  - README file inside the repository
- There are prizes to win
  - There will be categories
    > will be chosen after having an overview over the ideas
  - The community votes for winners in the different categories
  - Prizes are yet to be announced
- Some more information:
  - It would be cool to choose people with whom you didn't work before
  - Choose a technology or language which you're not an expert in
  - Comtrya for reading that far! See you in August :)

## I don't know where to start? Please help me find an idea!
No worries, join the [Rawkode Academy Discord](https://rawkode.chat/) and ask for help in our `#hackdays` channel.

## Ideas with captains
- Yet another uptime monitoring, with dogs and - [status.dog](https://github.com/status-dog)
  - Captain [icepuma](https://github.com/icepuma)
  - Find me at the [Rawkode Academy Discord](https://rawkode.chat/)
- ...
